cv.md, before:

#Alexey Kyrychenko CV
***
+ Contacts:
    + +380-(98)-31-88-941
    + Email: alex2015mig@gmail.com
    + [Telegram](https://t.me/Alex_Kyrychenko)
    + [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/al-chemick)
    + [GitHub](https://github.com/AlexUnion)
    + [Portfolio](https://alexunion.github.io/my_portfolio/)
    
+ My skills
    + Programming languages: JavaScript, TypeScript;
    + Technologies: HTML, CSS, SASS/SCSS, React, Axios, Json, AJAX, Node JS, Redux;
    + Tools: Git, GitHub, Bitbucket, npm, yarn, WebPack, DevTools, Photoshop;
    + Databases: Firebase, MongoDB, MySQL;
    + UI frameworks: Bootstrap, Materialize, Ant Design.
+ My some works
    + [Shop (React, Redux)](https://github.com/AlexUnion/crwn_shop)
    + [Portfolio (React)](https://github.com/AlexUnion/my_portfolio)
    + [News (jQuery)](https://github.com/AlexUnion/News)
    + [Todo list (Native JavaScript)](https://github.com/AlexUnion/events)
    + [Registration page (React)](https://github.com/AlexUnion/registration_user)
+ Education
    + Vinnytsia National Technical University:
        + Faculty of Information Technologies and Computer Engineering;
        + Study years: 2016-2020(4 years);
        + Academic degree - Bachelor.
    + Additional Education, Courses:
        + Course "Front-End Pro" by Hillel school: [certificate](https://certificate.ithillel.ua/view/54866342)
        + Online-course "React marathon"
+ Language level
    + English(B1).

Commit message:

'add_about_me_information_to_cv'

cv.md, after:

#Alexey Kyrychenko CV
***
+ Contacts:
    + +380-(98)-31-88-941
    + Email: alex2015mig@gmail.com
    + [Telegram](https://t.me/Alex_Kyrychenko)
    + [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/al-chemick)
    + [GitHub](https://github.com/AlexUnion)
    + [Portfolio](https://alexunion.github.io/my_portfolio/)
+ About me
  > My name is Kyrychenko Alexey. I am a graduate of the Department of “Computer Engineering” at Vinnytsia National Technical University. I am well aware of the principles of OOP and master the basic level of multiple common programming languages. After graduating from University I have passed the training course “Front-End Pro” at Hillel School.
+ My skills
    + Programming languages: JavaScript, TypeScript;
    + Technologies: HTML, CSS, SASS/SCSS, React, Axios, Json, AJAX, Node JS, Redux;
    + Tools: Git, GitHub, Bitbucket, npm, yarn, WebPack, DevTools, Photoshop;
    + Databases: Firebase, MongoDB, MySQL;
    + UI frameworks: Bootstrap, Materialize, Ant Design.
+ My some works
    + [Shop (React, Redux)](https://github.com/AlexUnion/crwn_shop)
    + [Portfolio (React)](https://github.com/AlexUnion/my_portfolio)
    + [News (jQuery)](https://github.com/AlexUnion/News)
    + [Todo list (Native JavaScript)](https://github.com/AlexUnion/events)
    + [Registration page (React)](https://github.com/AlexUnion/registration_user)
+ Education
    + Vinnytsia National Technical University:
        + Faculty of Information Technologies and Computer Engineering;
        + Study years: 2016-2020(4 years);
        + Academic degree - Bachelor.
    + Additional Education, Courses:
        + Course "Front-End Pro" by Hillel school: [certificate](https://certificate.ithillel.ua/view/54866342)
        + Online-course "React marathon"
+ Language level
    + English(B1).
